Fix the autocorrect of non_atomic_file_operation (#13325)
rubocop/rubocop: changelog/fix_the_autocorrect_of_non_atomic_file_operation.md

> * [#13325](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/13325): Fix the autocorrect of non_atomic_file_operation. ([@kotaro0522][])

Reviewer: Can you update it to the following text?

```suggestion
* [#13325](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop/pull/13325): Fix an incorrect autocorrect for `Lint/NonAtomicFileOperation` when using a postfix `unless` for file existence checks before creating a file, in cases with `Dir.mkdir`. ([@kotaro0522][])
```
